this is benjamin fulford speaking on
august 30th 2011 my fellow humans we
have some important news to announce a
meeting took place last week with
between representatives of 57 countries
the meeting took place in a ship in
international waters off the coast of
Monaco the meeting was forced onto the
ship by representatives of the Cabal
that is now ruling France Italy England
Canada and the United States the
representatives of the various
governments were presented with
unequivocal unequivocal evidence that
the Cabal controlling these countries
was planning the genocide was planning
to murder more than four billion human
beings through disease war and
starvation and a consensus has been made
to overthrow these criminals and I have
a message now for Chancellor Merkel of
Germany we would like to ask you Angela
Merkel to please side with humanity and
break away from this murderous cabal
free the German people from their
control ask yourself if you face a war
crimes tribunal in the future will you
have a clear conscience I believe you
will and I believe that you are on the
side of humanity I would also like to
ask Prime Minister Cameron of the United
Kingdom the same question are you sure
that you would be able to have a trial
at a war crimes commission where you
would have a clear conscience I do not
think so i think the murder of citizens
of libya and the ceiling of their oil is
a crime and president Sarkozy of France
your fellow leaders now know that you
entrapped strauss-kahn
it's a made you sent in cooperation with
elements of the Federal Reserve Board
and your dirty tricks are known and
perhaps you should just stay in New
Caledonia I don't think you're going to
be welcome in France much longer the
governor Italy to you have to understand
that there's not going to be a fascist
coup there's not going to be a fascist
world government remember this we know
who these people are it's the trilateral
commission the Bilderbergers and the
Council on Foreign Relations we're
talking about a few hundred old men
we're talking about george bush senior
and junior talking about henry kissinger
senator Jay Rockefeller we're talking
about Tony Blair we know who these
people are we know that you are planning
to kill four billion people it's not
going to happen the Pentagon and the
agencies are now on our side we are
going to break into the global
collateral counts and make sure that you
cannot cut off the money supplies to the
white hats you must surrender if you do
not surrender you will lose any chance
you have and that chance is shrinking by
the day of being able to appear before a
truth and reconciliation committee in
exchange for forgiveness of your crimes
that time is running out you are going
to go to jail or worse if you do not
stand aside humanity is tired of your
endless wars we know that ninety percent
of human savings is going towards murder
and crimes against humanity we don't
want this anymore you are not going to
be financed you are being cut off
financially from the rest of the world
your days are numbered we want freedom
we want the ability to use our resources
to find ways to improve the environment
to end poverty to end war to explore the
universe to make us all happier and
healthier we are tired of your
incompetent rule you must stand aside we
have the governments of 57
countries behind us now the Japanese
government will be with it soon and I
believe that the sooner you realize that
your days are numbered the better it is
for you this is your final warning thank
you my fellow humans you will be free
soon you're going to be born into an age
of wonder there will be many many good
things will happen once these murderers
are out of power you will find so many
wonderful things in your life I
guarantee you this this is not pie in
the sky this is real thank you